Add detailed upgrade steps to v10/v11 migration guide (#9182)
Shopify/polaris: documentation/guides/migrating-from-v10-to-v11.md

- [Webpack support](#webpack-support)

> - [TypeScript](#type-script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TypeScript](#typescript)
```

I think this was an error from my PR, sorry 😅 checked locally and removing the hyphen fixes the link

- [Components](#components)

>   - [Removed `Collapsible` deprecated `preventMeasuringOnChildrenUpdate` prop](#removed-collapsible-deprecated-prevent-measuring-on-children-update-prop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Removed `Collapsible` deprecated `preventMeasuringOnChildrenUpdate` prop](#removed-collapsible-deprecated-preventmeasuringonchildrenupdate-prop)
```

Having the prop name in backticks breaks the original url

Author: Thanks so much for catching this Lo!! ❤️

  - [Removed `Page` deprecated `breadcrumbs` prop](#removed-page-deprecated-breadcrumbs-prop)
  - [Removed `Breadcrumbs` deprecated `breadcrumbs` prop](#removed-breadcrumbs-deprecated-breadcrumbs-prop)

>   - [Removed `KonamiCode`](#removed-konami-code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Removed `KonamiCode`](#removed-konamicode)
```

>   - [Removed `DisplayText`](#removed-display-text)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Removed `DisplayText`](#removed-displaytext)
```

  - [Removed `Heading`](#removed-heading)
  - [Removed `Subheading`](#removed-subheading)
  - [Removed `Caption`](#removed-caption)

>   - [Removed `TextStyle`](#removed-text-style)
>   - [Removed `VisuallyHidden`](#removed-visually-hidden)
>   - [Migrated `Stack` to `LegacyStack`](#migrated-stack-to-legacy-stack)
>   - [Migrated `Card` to `LegacyCard`](#migrated-card-to-legacy-card)
>   - [Migrated `Filters` to `LegacyFilters`](#migrated-filters-to-legacy-filters)
>   - [Migrated `Tabs` to `LegacyTabs`](#migrated-tabs-to-legacy-tabs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Removed `TextStyle`](#removed-textstyle)
  - [Removed `VisuallyHidden`](#removed-visuallyhidden)
  - [Migrated `Stack` to `LegacyStack`](#migrated-stack-to-legacystack)
  - [Migrated `Card` to `LegacyCard`](#migrated-card-to-legacycard)
  - [Migrated `Filters` to `LegacyFilters`](#migrated-filters-to-legacyfilters)
  - [Migrated `Tabs` to `LegacyTabs`](#migrated-tabs-to-legacytabs)
```

  - [Renamed `Inline`](#renamed-inline)
  - [Renamed `AlphaStack`](#renamed-alpha-stack)
  - [Renamed `AlphaCard`](#renamed-alpha-card)
  - [Renamed `AlphaFilters`](#renamed-alpha-filters)

>   - [Renamed `AlphaTabs`](#renamed-alpha-tabs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Renamed `AlphaStack`](#renamed-alphastack)
  - [Renamed `AlphaCard`](#renamed-alphacard)
  - [Renamed `AlphaFilters`](#renamed-alphafilters)
  - [Renamed `AlphaTabs`](#renamed-alphatabs)
```

Built types in `@shopify/polaris` have moved from `build/ts/latest` to `build/ts`.

### Legacy TypeScript Support

Polaris no longer supports multiple versions of TypeScript with `downlevel-dts`. Polaris only builds one set of types based on the current version of TypeScript in the project.

## Components

> The following components have either been renamed, migrated, or removed. Please review each component section to determine whether you can resolve these breaking changes with a migration or if they need to updated manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following components have either been renamed, migrated, or removed. Please review each component section to determine whether you can resolve these breaking changes with a migration or if they need to be updated manually.
```

> The following components have either been renamed, migrated, or removed. Please review each component section to determine whether you can resolve these breaking changes with a migration and/or if they must be handled manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following components have either been renamed, migrated, or removed. Please review each component section to determine whether you can resolve these breaking changes with a migration or if they need to updated manually.
```

```

### Removed `KonamiCode`

Low usage components are being removed from Polaris. We love fun but we also want to ensure we are shipping exactly what our users need. If you want to use this in your project, feel free to copy the [component sourcecode](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris/blob/%40shopify/polaris%4010.24.0/polaris-react/src/components/KonamiCode/KonamiCode.tsx).

### Removed `DisplayText`

The `DisplayText` component has been removed in favor of the `Text` component. The `Text` component simplifies designing with typography tokens and improves our foundation for flexibility and composability, all in one component.

#### Migration

To replace the six removed typography components (`DisplayText`, `Heading`, `Subheading`, `Caption`, `TextStyle`, and `VisuallyHidden`), you can run the [v10-react-replace-text-component](https://polaris.shopify.com/tools/polaris-migrator#v10-react-replace-text-components) migration. Please reference the [recommended component migration workflow](#recommended-component-migration-workflow) section below for additional migration support.

```sh
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v10-react-replace-text-components <path>
```

> Note if you only want to run this migration on `DisplayText` and not the other legacy text components you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To migrate only the `DisplayText` component, the migration can be supplemented with the `--componentName='DisplayText'` flag.
```

Author: Love your suggestion here! Thanks Lo!

```sh
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v10-react-replace-text-components --componentName='DisplayText' <path>
```

#### Post-migration validation

> After migrating use the following to check for any additional instances of `DisplayText` across all file types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After migrating, search for React instances or CSS class overrides of the `DisplayText` component across all file types in your project:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jsx
```

<DisplayText
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```css
```

+ <Text as="p" variant="headingXl">Sales this year</Text>
```

##### Large

```diff
- <DisplayText size="large">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text as="p" variant="heading2xl">Sales this year</Text>
```

##### Extra large

```diff
- <DisplayText size="extraLarge">Sales this year</DisplayText>
+ <Text as="p" variant="heading4xl">Sales this year</Text>
```

### Removed `Heading`

The `Heading` component has been removed in favor of the `Text` component. The `Text` component simplifies designing with typography tokens and improves our foundation for flexibility and composability, all in one component.

#### Migration

To replace the six removed typography components (`DisplayText`, `Heading`, `Subheading`, `Caption`, `TextStyle`, and `VisuallyHidden`), you can run the [v10-react-replace-text-components](https://polaris.shopify.com/tools/polaris-migrator#v10-react-replace-text-components) migration. Please reference the [recommended component migration workflow](#recommended-component-migration-workflow) section below for additional migration support.

```sh
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v10-react-replace-text-components <path>
```

> Note if you only want to run this migration on `Heading` and not the other legacy text components you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To migrate only the `Heading` component, the migration can be supplemented with the `--componentName='Heading'` flag.
```

These are suggested replacements for existing text style components, but ultimately the best replacement should be evaluated based on the context of the usage. The `Text` component also requires setting the semantically appropriate html element through the `as` prop.

```diff
- <Heading>Online store dashboard</Heading>
+ <Text as="h2" variant="headingMd">Online store dashboard</Text>
```

### Removed `Subheading`

The `Subheading` component has been removed in favor of the `Text` component. The `Text` component simplifies designing with typography tokens and improves our foundation for flexibility and composability, all in one component.

#### Migration

To replace the six removed typography components (`DisplayText`, `Heading`, `Subheading`, `Caption`, `TextStyle`, and `VisuallyHidden`), you can run the [v10-react-replace-text-components](https://polaris.shopify.com/tools/polaris-migrator#v10-react-replace-text-components) migration. Please reference the [recommended component migration workflow](#recommended-component-migration-workflow) section below for additional migration support.

```sh
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator v10-react-replace-text-components <path>
```

> Note if you only want to run this migration on `Subheading` and not the other legacy text components you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: To migrate only the `Subheading` component, the migration can be supplemented with the `--componentName='Subheading'` flag.
```

+ export interface TabsProps {}
```

```sh
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component <path> --renameFrom="AlphaTabs" --renameTo="Tabs" --renamePropsFrom="AlphaTabsProps" --renamePropsTo="TabsProps"
```

> Note: If the `AlphaTabProp` type is being used in the codebase, it requires an additional migration **after** `AlphaTabs` has been migrated and renamed to `Tabs`.

To rename `AlphaTabProps` to `TabProps`, you can run the generic [react-rename-component](https://polaris.shopify.com/tools/polaris-migrator#generic-migrations) migration. Please reference the [recommended component migration workflow](#recommended-component-migration-workflow) section below for additional migration support.

```diff
- export interface AlphaTabProps {}
+ export interface TabProps {}
```

```sh
npx @shopify/polaris-migrator react-rename-component <path> --renamePropsFrom="AlphaTabProps" --renamePropsTo="TabProps"
```

#### Post-migration validation

After migrating use the following to check for any additional instances of `AlphaTab` across all file types:

```
<AlphaTab
```

```
Polaris-AlphaTab
```

### Recommended component migration workflow

> When running component migrations we suggest following the following workflow:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When running component migrations we suggest the following workflow:
```

Light suggestion

Author: Thanks for catching this Aaron!

| `--p-z-10`       | `--p-z-index-10`  |
| `--p-z-11`       | `--p-z-index-11`  |
| `--p-z-12`       | `--p-z-index-12`  |

### Recommended token migration workflow

> When running token migrations we suggest following the following workflow:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When running token migrations we suggest the following workflow:
```

Same as above
